README.md, before:

[![MasterHead](./DS_Git_Banner.png)](https://github.com/sevilladiego8)

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=sevilladiego8&color=blue&style=flat" alt="Profile Views">
</p>

<!--

# My Git Stats 📊

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sevilladiego8)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

-->

<h1 align="center">About Me</h1>

<img  src="./ds-dev-git.png" height="336px" width="440" align="right" style="padding-right: 64px;"/>

<br />
<br />

<!--
- 👋 I am a full stack web developer
- 🌟 I’m currently working on `Something Interesting`.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning `3D Web Integrations`
- 🚀 I’m looking to collaborate on `Tech Projects`
- 💬 Ask me about anything! I'll give my best try 🧐
- ⚡ Fun fact: My next adventure must include skydiving haha
-->

- 👋 Full-Stack Web Developer specializing in **JavaScript**/**TypeScript**, **React**, **Node.js**, and modern web architectures
- 🛠️ Developing production-style projects while deepening my knowledge of system design, scalability, and performance in preparation for engineering roles
- 🌱 Deepening my knowledge in backend design, modern frontend frameworks and 3D Web integrations.
- 🤝 Open to collaborating on meaningful projects, startups, or open-source contributions
- 💬 Happy to discuss web architecture, APIs, performance optimization, and frontend design
- ⚡ Fun fact: I enjoy tackling interesting problems — whether in code or in real life

<br />
<br />
<br />

<h1 align="center">Technology Stack 🤖</h1>

<h3 align="center">Libraries, Runtime Environments and Web Frameworks</h3>
<p align="center">  
  <a href="https://react.dev/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react%20-%2320232a.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor" alt="React"></a>
  <a href="https://redux.js.org/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white" alt="Redux"></a>
  <a href="https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v18.17.0" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" alt="NodeJS"></a>
  <a href="https://expressjs.com/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB" alt="Express"></a>
  <a href="https://nx.dev/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/nx-143055?style=for-the-badge&logo=nx&logoColor=white" alt="NX"></a>
  <a href="https://nextjs.org/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white" alt="Next"></a>
  <a href="https://angular.io/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white" alt="Angular"></a>
</p>

<h3 align="center">Web Structure and Styling</h3>
<p align="center">  
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/html/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML5"></a>
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="CSS3"></a>
  <a href="https://sass-lang.com/documentation/syntax/#scss" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white" alt="SASS"></a>
  <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white" alt="Bootstrap"></a>
    <a href="https://mui.com/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MUI-%230081CB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mui&logoColor=white" alt="Material UI"></a>
</p>

<h3 align="center">Programming Languages</h3>
<p align="center">  
  <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" alt="Typescript"></a>
  <a href="https://www.javascript.com/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E" alt="Javascript"></a> 
  <a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54" alt="Python"></a>
  <a href="https://www.java.com/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white" alt="Java"></a>
  <!--<a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/languages/csharp" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white" alt="CSharp"></a>-->
</p>

<h3 align="center">DB + Infrastructure</h3>
<p align="center">  
  <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" alt="MySQL"></a>
  <a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" alt="PostgreSQL"></a>
  <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" alt="MongoDB"></a>
   <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon_AWS-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white" alt="AWS"></a>
  <a href="https://cloud.google.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white" alt="GCloud"></a>
</p>

<h3 align="center">Daily Crafting Tools</h3>
<p align="center">  
  <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black" alt="Linux"></a>
  <a href="https://ubuntu.com/pro" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?style=for-the-badge&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white" alt="Ubuntu"></a>
  <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows?r=1" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white" alt="Windows"></a>
  <a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white" alt="VsCode"></a>
  <a href="https://www.postman.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white" alt="Postman"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white" alt="NPM"></a>
  <a href="https://www.google.com/chrome/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white" alt="Chrome"></a>
  <a href="https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white" alt="Firefox"></a>
  <a href="https://www.opera.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Opera-FF1B2D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Opera&logoColor=white" alt="Opera"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="Github"></a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Design & 3D Stack 🎨</h1>

<p align="center">  
  <a href="https://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop.html" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white" alt="Photoshop"></a>
  <a href="https://www.adobe.com/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20illustrator-%23FF9A00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20illustrator&logoColor=white" alt="Illustrator"></a>
  <a href="https://www.adobe.com/products/aftereffects.html" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20After%20Effects-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20After%20Effects&logoColor=white" alt="AfterEffects"></a>
  <a href="https://www.adobe.com/products/premierpro.html" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro&logoColor=white" alt="PremierPro"></a>
  <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white" alt="Figma"></a>
  <a href="https://threejs.org/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/threejs-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=three.js&logoColor=white" alt="ThreeJS"></a>
  <a href="https://www.blender.org/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/blender-%23F5792A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=blender&logoColor=white" alt="Blender"></a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Support Me 🤝</h1>
<p align="center">  
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/diegosevilla" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/arial-blue.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>
<p>

<h1 align="center">Metrics 📊</h1>
<div align="center">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=sevilladiego8&theme=default&ring=388EFF&fire=0157CB&currStreakLabel=0157CB&currStreakNum=002557&sideNums=002557" alt="github-streak" />
</div>
<br />

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->

```txt
From: 12 January 2026 - To: 11 February 2026

Total Time: 96 hrs 4 mins

JavaScript           34 hrs 2 mins   >>>>>>>>>----------------   35.43 %
Markdown             32 hrs 31 mins  >>>>>>>>-----------------   33.86 %
Python               15 hrs 57 mins  >>>>---------------------   16.62 %
TypeScript           6 hrs 30 mins   >>-----------------------   06.77 %
JSON                 2 hrs 38 mins   >------------------------   02.75 %
Bash                 1 hr 27 mins    -------------------------   01.53 %
YAML                 56 mins         -------------------------   00.98 %
JSON with Comments   23 mins         -------------------------   00.41 %
Text                 20 mins         -------------------------   00.36 %
Java                 14 mins         -------------------------   00.25 %
```

<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

<h1 align="center">Let's connect! 📱👌</h1>

<p align="center">  
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/diego-sevilla-11242618a/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="Linkedin"></a>
  <a href="https://www.behance.net/diegooosevilla" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Behance-1769ff?style=for-the-badge&logo=behance&logoColor=white" alt="Behance"></a>
  <a href="https://medium.com/@diegooo.sevilla" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white" alt="Medium"></a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/ds.signer.dev" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" alt="Instagram"></a>
  <a href="https://x.com/diegooo_sevilla" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/X-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=X&logoColor=white" alt="XMusk"></a>
</p>

Commit message:

Revise developer profile in README
Updated the description of my skills and focus areas as a Full-Stack Web Developer.

README.md, after:

[![MasterHead](./DS_Git_Banner.png)](https://github.com/sevilladiego8)

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=sevilladiego8&color=blue&style=flat" alt="Profile Views">
</p>

<!--

# My Git Stats 📊

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sevilladiego8)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

-->

<h1 align="center">About Me</h1>

<img  src="./ds-dev-git.png" height="336px" width="440" align="right" style="padding-right: 64px;"/>

<br />
<br />

<!--
- 👋 I am a full stack web developer
- 🌟 I’m currently working on `Something Interesting`.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning `3D Web Integrations`
- 🚀 I’m looking to collaborate on `Tech Projects`
- 💬 Ask me about anything! I'll give my best try 🧐
- ⚡ Fun fact: My next adventure must include skydiving haha
-->

- 👋 Full-Stack Web Developer specializing in **React**, **Node.js**, **JavaScript**/**TypeScript**, and modern web architectures
- 🛠️ Developing/experimenting with production-style projects to strengthen real-world architecture and performance skills
- 🌱 Deepening my knowledge in backend design, modern frontend frameworks and 3D Web integrations.
- 🤝 Open to collaborating on meaningful projects, startups, or open-source contributions
- 💬 Happy to discuss web architecture, APIs, performance optimization, and frontend design
- ⚡ Fun fact: I enjoy tackling interesting problems — whether in code or in real life

<br />
<br />
<br />

<h1 align="center">Technology Stack 🤖</h1>

<h3 align="center">Libraries, Runtime Environments and Web Frameworks</h3>
<p align="center">  
  <a href="https://react.dev/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react%20-%2320232a.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor" alt="React"></a>
  <a href="https://redux.js.org/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white" alt="Redux"></a>
  <a href="https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v18.17.0" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" alt="NodeJS"></a>
  <a href="https://expressjs.com/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB" alt="Express"></a>
  <a href="https://nx.dev/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/nx-143055?style=for-the-badge&logo=nx&logoColor=white" alt="NX"></a>
  <a href="https://nextjs.org/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white" alt="Next"></a>
  <a href="https://angular.io/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white" alt="Angular"></a>
</p>

<h3 align="center">Web Structure and Styling</h3>
<p align="center">  
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/html/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML5"></a>
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="CSS3"></a>
  <a href="https://sass-lang.com/documentation/syntax/#scss" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white" alt="SASS"></a>
  <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white" alt="Bootstrap"></a>
    <a href="https://mui.com/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MUI-%230081CB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mui&logoColor=white" alt="Material UI"></a>
</p>

<h3 align="center">Programming Languages</h3>
<p align="center">  
  <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" alt="Typescript"></a>
  <a href="https://www.javascript.com/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E" alt="Javascript"></a> 
  <a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54" alt="Python"></a>
  <a href="https://www.java.com/" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white" alt="Java"></a>
  <!--<a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/languages/csharp" target="_blank">
    <img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white" alt="CSharp"></a>-->
</p>

<h3 align="center">DB + Infrastructure</h3>
<p align="center">  
  <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" alt="MySQL"></a>
  <a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" alt="PostgreSQL"></a>
  <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" alt="MongoDB"></a>
   <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon_AWS-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white" alt="AWS"></a>
  <a href="https://cloud.google.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white" alt="GCloud"></a>
</p>

<h3 align="center">Daily Crafting Tools</h3>
<p align="center">  
  <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black" alt="Linux"></a>
  <a href="https://ubuntu.com/pro" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?style=for-the-badge&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white" alt="Ubuntu"></a>
  <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows?r=1" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white" alt="Windows"></a>
  <a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white" alt="VsCode"></a>
  <a href="https://www.postman.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white" alt="Postman"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white" alt="NPM"></a>
  <a href="https://www.google.com/chrome/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white" alt="Chrome"></a>
  <a href="https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-FF7139?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firefox-Browser&logoColor=white" alt="Firefox"></a>
  <a href="https://www.opera.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Opera-FF1B2D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Opera&logoColor=white" alt="Opera"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="Github"></a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Design & 3D Stack 🎨</h1>

<p align="center">  
  <a href="https://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop.html" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white" alt="Photoshop"></a>
  <a href="https://www.adobe.com/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20illustrator-%23FF9A00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20illustrator&logoColor=white" alt="Illustrator"></a>
  <a href="https://www.adobe.com/products/aftereffects.html" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20After%20Effects-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20After%20Effects&logoColor=white" alt="AfterEffects"></a>
  <a href="https://www.adobe.com/products/premierpro.html" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro&logoColor=white" alt="PremierPro"></a>
  <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white" alt="Figma"></a>
  <a href="https://threejs.org/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/threejs-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=three.js&logoColor=white" alt="ThreeJS"></a>
  <a href="https://www.blender.org/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/blender-%23F5792A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=blender&logoColor=white" alt="Blender"></a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Support Me 🤝</h1>
<p align="center">  
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/diegosevilla" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/arial-blue.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>
<p>

<h1 align="center">Metrics 📊</h1>
<div align="center">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=sevilladiego8&theme=default&ring=388EFF&fire=0157CB&currStreakLabel=0157CB&currStreakNum=002557&sideNums=002557" alt="github-streak" />
</div>
<br />

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->

```txt
From: 12 January 2026 - To: 11 February 2026

Total Time: 96 hrs 4 mins

JavaScript           34 hrs 2 mins   >>>>>>>>>----------------   35.43 %
Markdown             32 hrs 31 mins  >>>>>>>>-----------------   33.86 %
Python               15 hrs 57 mins  >>>>---------------------   16.62 %
TypeScript           6 hrs 30 mins   >>-----------------------   06.77 %
JSON                 2 hrs 38 mins   >------------------------   02.75 %
Bash                 1 hr 27 mins    -------------------------   01.53 %
YAML                 56 mins         -------------------------   00.98 %
JSON with Comments   23 mins         -------------------------   00.41 %
Text                 20 mins         -------------------------   00.36 %
Java                 14 mins         -------------------------   00.25 %
```

<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

<h1 align="center">Let's connect! 📱👌</h1>

<p align="center">  
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/diego-sevilla-11242618a/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="Linkedin"></a>
  <a href="https://www.behance.net/diegooosevilla" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Behance-1769ff?style=for-the-badge&logo=behance&logoColor=white" alt="Behance"></a>
  <a href="https://medium.com/@diegooo.sevilla" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white" alt="Medium"></a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/ds.signer.dev" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" alt="Instagram"></a>
  <a href="https://x.com/diegooo_sevilla" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/X-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=X&logoColor=white" alt="XMusk"></a>
</p>
